{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz180000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 .AppleSystemUIFontMonospaced-Regular;\f5\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
\f6\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f7\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red129\green95\blue3;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red14\green14\blue255;\red24\green26\blue30;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c50580\c37140\c1210;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0\c85000;
\csgenericrgb\c5500\c5500\c100000;\cssrgb\c12157\c13725\c15686;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22280\viewh13600\viewkind0
\deftab593
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 #\cf4  Advance-IOS-assignment2
\fs24 \

\fs36  
\fs24 \
Member: So Check Her (14463323)\
\
\cf5 \
\cf4 \
Important Setup Instructions for external package\
\
Problem Description\
An external package \'93KingFisher\'94 is used in this application to help download image from API\
Github Link for this package:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/onevcat/Kingfisher"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/onevcat/Kingfisher}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf6 \cb7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Installation\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf6 \ul \ulc6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs40 \cf6 \cb7 \ulnone Swift Package Manager\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf6 \ul \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf6 \cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Select File > Swift Packages > Add Package Dependency. Enter\'a0
\f4\fs27\fsmilli13600 https://github.com/onevcat/Kingfisher.git
\f2\fs32 \'a0in the "Choose Package Repository" dialog.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In the next page, specify the version resolving rule as "Up to Next Major" with \'937.12.0\'94 or \'937.0.0\'94 as its the version I use when create this project\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
After Xcode checking out the source and resolving the version, you can choose the "Kingfisher" library and add it to your app target.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf6 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}If the package is not working, I recommend you to remove package through package manager -> right click the package -> remove package and re-start Xcode and redownload the package\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb7 \
If you encounter any problem or have a question on adding the package to an Xcode project, I suggest reading the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/adding_package_dependencies_to_your_app"}}{\fldrslt \ul Adding Package Dependencies to Your App}}\'a0guide article from Apple.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf6 API Usage:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf6 Api is only used in crypto currency data, I have gain a 100k call / month plan, every boot up, screen change and searching might cost a call, please use it carefully.\
\
Also, API might not work when run with simulator, if you find out the api is not working, please re-run the simulator until it works \
\
More information can be found in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.coingecko.com/v3.0.1/reference/introduction"}}{\fldrslt https://docs.coingecko.com/v3.0.1/reference/introduction}}\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf6 External tools use:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf6 Pixbay is used to picture downloading for json file \
\
quickType is used to write the CoinModel file to avoid any mistakes receiving the api data.\
\
Generative AI ChatGPT is use to create sample data in Json file \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf6 Reference:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-960\partightenfactor0

\f5\i\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 Convert JSON to Swift, C#, TypeScript, Objective-C, Go, Java, C++ and more \'95 quicktype
\f6\i0 . (n.d.). Quicktype.io. https://quicktype.io/\
\
Pixabay. (2024).\'a0
\f5\i Pixabay
\f6\i0 . Pixabay.com. https://pixabay.com\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-960\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf0 \uc0\u55358 \u56718 
\f5\i  Introduction
\f6\i0 . (2014). CoinGecko API Documentation. https://docs.coingecko.com/v3.0.1/reference/introduction\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \uc0\u8204 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-960\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \uc0\u8204 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-960\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \uc0\u8204 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-960\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \uc0\u8204 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs32 \cf6 \cb7 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}